metadata_host param for AzureRM backend documentation (#33000)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/azurerm.mdx

~> **NOTE:** An `endpoint` should only be configured when using Azure Stack.

> * 'metadata_host' - (Optional) The Hostname of the Azure Metadata Service (for example management.azure.com), used to obtain the Cloud Environment when using a Custom Azure Environment. This can also be sourced from the ARM_METADATA_HOSTNAME Environment Variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metadata_host` - (Optional) The Hostname of the Azure Metadata Service (for example `management.azure.com`), used to obtain the Cloud Environment when using a Custom Azure Environment. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_METADATA_HOSTNAME` Environment Variable.
```
